Update PushNotificationIOS docs for 0.74 (#4012)
facebook/react-native-website: docs/pushnotificationios.md

  </p>
</div>

Handle notifications for your app, including scheduling and permissions.

---

> # Getting Started

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Getting Started
```

Nit, we should not use the H1, it's reserved for page titles, and within Docusaurus those headings are non-linkable.

  </p>
</div>

Handle notifications for your app, including scheduling and permissions.

## Getting Started

To enable push notifications, [configure your notifications with Apple](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/setting_up_a_remote_notification_server) and your server-side system.

> Then enable Background Modes/Remote notifications to be able to use remote notifications properly. The easiest way to do this is via the project settings. Navigate to Targets -> Your App -> Capabilities -> Background Modes and check Remote notifications. This will automatically enable the required settings.

Reviewer 2: Could we link to Apple documentation for this -- just in case this information goes out of date

Would something like this link be clear? https://developer.apple.com/documentation/xcode/configuring-background-execution-modes

```suggestion
You'll need to [enable the remote notifications](https://developer.apple.com/documentation/usernotifications/setting_up_a_remote_notification_server/pushing_background_updates_to_your_app#2980038] in your project.
```

> Then enable Background Modes/Remote notifications to be able to use remote notifications properly. The easiest way to do this is via the project settings. Navigate to Targets -> Your App -> Capabilities -> Background Modes and check Remote notifications. This will automatically enable the required settings.

Reviewer 3: i think this can be explained better.

essentially, if your app is backgrounded and you want it to send it a silent notification that won't alert, you need to enable this setting.

> On the iOS side, you'll need to augment your AppDelegate to enable support for `notification` and `register` events.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
In your `AppDelegate.m`, you'll need to enable support for `notification` and `register` events.
```

static presentLocalNotification(details: PresentLocalNotificationDetails);
```

Schedules the localNotification for immediate presentation.
Schedules a local notification for immediate presentation.

**Parameters:**

| Name    | Type   | Required | Description |
| ------- | ------ | -------- | ----------- |
| details | object | Yes      | See below.  |

details is an object containing:
`details` is an object containing:

- `alertBody` : The message displayed in the notification alert.

> - `alertAction` : The "action" displayed beneath an actionable notification. Defaults to "view". Note that Apple no longer shows this in iOS 10 +

Reviewer 2: Should we still call out the fact that `alertAction` still exists but is deprecated?

| details | object | Yes      | See below.  |

details is an object containing:
`details` is an object containing:

- `fireDate` : The date and time when the system should deliver the notification.
- `alertTitle` : The text displayed as the title of the notification alert.
- `alertBody` : The message displayed in the notification alert.
- `alertAction` : The "action" displayed beneath an actionable notification. Defaults to "view". Note that Apple no longer shows this in iOS 10 +
- `soundName` : The sound played when the notification is fired (optional).
- `isSilent` : If true, the notification will appear without sound (optional).
- `category` : The category of this notification, required for actionable notifications (optional).
- `fireDate` : When the notification will be fired. Schedule notifications using either `fireDate` or `fireIntervalSeconds`, with `fireDate` taking precedence.
- `fireIntervalSeconds` : Seconds from now to display the notification.
- `userInfo` : An object containing additional notification data (optional).
- `applicationIconBadgeNumber` The number to display as the app's icon badge. Setting the number to 0 removes the icon badge (optional).

> - `repeatInterval` : The interval to repeat as a string. Possible values: `minute`, `hour`, `day`, `week`, `month`, `year` (optional).

Reviewer 2: Same here with `alertAction` and `repeatInterval` -- as I understand the JS will still accept these parameters but the are deprecated, not yet removed?
